3.7.0
* The page param is no longer included in the sort links generated for columns. This was pointed out 
by {karwank}[https://github.com/karwank] as unexpected behavior. I am bumping the minor version of the 
gem since this does change the default behavior, in case anybody is not expecting the default sort behavior to 
have been updated.

3.6.2
* Added :sort_modes option to be able to specify sort_modes on a column by column basis (thanks {karwank}[https://github.com/karwank])
* Fixed bug preventing action and controller from being removed in pagination link params in some versions of Rails (thanks {karwank}[https://github.com/karwank])

3.6.1
* Fixed :sortable option for Rails 5 that was breaking when
ActionController::Parameters#to_query was being called without any arguments
as reported and fixed by @karwank here https://github.com/hunterae/table-for/pull/10.
Thanks @karwank.

3.6.0
* Generated td tags will collapse all whitespace per suggestion by @jlfy.

3.5.0
* table_for now keeps track of the current index of the row being render, per
suggestion by @jlfy. Example:
  <%= table_for @users do |table| %>
    <% table.column :id do |user| %>
      "User id #{user.id} rendering with row index #{table.current_index}"
    <% end %>
  <% end %>

3.4.1
* Fixed bug introduced in version 3.4.0 where link_namespace defined globally
on the table_for call was getting completely ignored. Thanks @panyamin for reporting.

3.4.0
* Links options that are applied to a column will now generate the link even if you override
column. In haml, this example pointed out by @noctivityinc, now works:
  = t.column link_action: :edit do
   %i.fa.fa-pencil
* Fixed generation of link_confirm and link_method to apply to the links data element.

3.2.1
* Added ability to configure sort_mode order, i.e. if sort links generate sort_modes in :asc, :desc order, or have different labels
than :asc and :desc

3.2.0
* Changed the way configuration is done for TableFor. It is still done through TableFor.setup {|config|}, but some of the options have changed. Namely, the new configuration options are thead_tag, tbody_tag, tfoot_tag. If you do not want thead, tbody, or tfoot tags to be rendered, you can specify this in the setup block as follows: TableFor.setup {|config| config.thead_tag = nil; config.tbody_tag = nil; config.tfoot_tag = nil }. In addition, you can also globally define styles for the table as follows: TableFor.setup {|config| config.table_html = {:class => "table striped"}}. This undoes what was was released in 2.1.0

3.1.5
* Added automatic internationalization (thanks {killthekitten}[https://github.com/killthekitten])

3.1.0
* Since templating was moved from blocks into its own gem with_template, TableFor::Base now extends WithTemplate::Base instead of Blocks::Base.

2.2.0 (August 16, 2013)
* Upgraded to blocks 2.2.0 and modified calls to evaluated_proc and evaluated_procs to call_if_proc and call_each_hash_value_if_proc

2.1.0 (August 15, 2013)
* Switched main gem dependency from building-blocks to blocks
* Added the ability to configure a default table class in an initializer (for example: TableFor.setup do |config| config.default_table_class = "table striped" end)
* Aliased current_record with current_row, so as you're iterating over the records, you can now call table.current_row

2.0.0 (October 18, 2012)
* Upgraded to BuildingBlocks 2.0.0
* Renamed thead block to header, tbody to body, add added an empty footer block to the default table implementation
* Utilized features from BuildingBlocks 2.0.0, such as collection declaration of blocks, and collection rendering of blocks
* Current record being iterated over no longer needs to be passed in as a parameter to the block, but can be accessed via the table.current_record, such as:
  <% table.column do %>
    <%= table.current_record.name %>
  <% end %>

1.2.1 (February 9, 2012)

* Moved table_for_evaluated_options method into BuildingBlocks gem and renamed to evaluated_procs
* Also now utilizing a method created in BuildingBlocks called evaluated_proc
* The url for an edit, show, and delete link can now be a Proc that takes the current row's domain object as a paramter

1.2.0 (February 5, 2012)

* Upgraded dependency on BuildingBlocks to at least version 1.2.0

1.1.0 (February 4, 2012)

* Removed dependency on rails 3.1, switched to >= 3.0.0
